hi all dear subscribers and
the audience of my channel with you is always anton
I recently uploaded a video to my channel
how to extend the protection timer
order I want to remind you that when you pay
goods on the site aliexpress money is not
go directly to the seller’s account before
the moment you receive the order are
on the aliexpress website account after
how do you get your parcel and click
confirm receipt of the site
aliexpress transfers money to the account
the seller
past my video I reviewed the situation
when you have not received the order but protection
the timer ended and we had to
let him extend until the end of the timer
five days left but the promise to you is still
didn't come
we requested an extension of order protection from
seller in this video I want to consider
situation when protection of orders is already
will end in one day to end
protection orders left one day
what to do in this case if the seller
your renewal request is not responding
order you need to open then click
button open the dispute and here we
jump a few points
which should be ticked to
start the process pores please
tell us about your problem got
whether you ordered the goods have not received
put a tick in the box no further select
your problem from the following
options
order protection is already running off on the parcel all
still on the way the transport company returned
No order tracking information from
we are suitable item protection ordering
runs down the package still on the way
here tick the following then we can and after
us moussaka I don't want to pay me
need to
and then item seller has sent an order for
wrong address
please indicate your position
the resolution of the dispute you are also ticked
cash back full you can
to request
Returns sredst maximum amount of $ 2
15 cents I ordered it in a landscape
daw that charges from beating her
please provide details
about your request here, I will indicate what I wanted
to extend
protection of your order 20 days but since
the seller is silent I want to return my
means because the parcel is not for me
had and so field for the message I
showed that the seller does not want to renew
order protection
the parcel is not received please return me
money full and push the button
to send
so our dispute is open status pending
claims dispute sellers reminder
You have already started a dispute if the seller does not
answer up to four calendar days dispute
will be closed at your suggestion you
can continue to negotiate with
seller in search of a solution to
deadline
here is information about the dispute
details received your order no you
want to return these products there is no reason
dispute order protection is already expiring
the parcel is still in transit for a total of 2
dollar 15 cents refund request 2
dollar 15 cents
the dispute is open December 3, 2014 product
corrupted details sold want
extend this warrant action
no parcel received please return all
money so our argument is open now we are with
You are waiting for the seller's response if you sell
inspect for another 4 days to us
automatically return money so we wait
seller reactions
so we have already gone the fifth day
the moment I opened the argument
but this product is
and usb lighter I honestly thought
that the seller no longer confirms my argument
that is, the collection will close automatically and
money doesn't come back but at the end of the fifth
day sells all the same deign to appear
and take the argument here we see it is worth
there the rec understands the controversial issue
click to see the data get here
on this page
order such test status seller
takes a moot point
the reminder dispute was accepted went
see the results of disputes in the section
information about the dispute so remind
information about the dispute you received the order no
I have not received due
I requested an order management for
the seller did not extend my order protection
You want to return the goods has a reason
first order protection is expiring
but the parcel is still in transit total amount 2
dollar 15 cents
the total cost of this cheapest
probably everywhere lighters
the dispute opened on December 3, 2014
today we have December 8th and details
requests I wrote that the seller they
prolongs the order protection the parcel does not
received upon request to return all money
badly
accepted the dispute and dimmer stones credited
in my deception wallet from which I
paid for this order
so friends can get your money back
If the parcel is not received by you
order time and expire
you let's say a button will extend
Order protection actions have even passed
additional timer parcel sow more
did not come you open the sport press
a button to open a dispute and how I tell you so far
fill all the items the parcel does not
Received work to return, we do not want
reason for dispute order protection is already flowing
on the parcel still in transit request
refund all the money do not write that the parcel
not received in the hut to return all the money on
this I finish my video thanks for
watching someone the video was not helpful
like put likes subscribe
to the channel all bye until new meetings